return {
  "If I am the winter, I supposed you're the summer, Not only you're hot, you can aslo melt my frozen heart", -- 1
  "Your smile is a sunbeam that warms my heart, and in your eyes, I see a world where love and beauty never depart", -- 2
  "If i had told the ocean, what i felt for you, it would have left it shore, its fish, its shells and followed me", -- 3
  "everyday and every night, the sun and the moon take turns to witness your beauty", -- 4
  "if i has to choose between the moon, the sun or the stars, i would choose your eyes so i can see beauty within them", -- 5
  "you may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall is in lov'e with me", -- 6
  "If i were to have a dollar every time I thought of you, I would only have one as you never leave me mind", -- 7
  "If you carried Medusa's curse, I would still stare at your eyes, so my stone could gaze at perfection for eternity", -- 8
  "If i were to learn every language. I would still not find the words to describe your beauty", -- 9
  "If i had to wait my entire life for your love. I would. for when I've withered away. I'd be glab i got to experience heaven before I even reached it",
  "If i had a flower for every time I've thought of you, I'd have one, because not once have i stopped thinking about the perfection you are",
  "If i could rearrange the cosmos I would replace the sun with you for your beauty shines brighter than any star ever will my dear",
  "If you were the moon, I'd be the sun, so that I can die every night for your beauty",
  "one day you will ask me which life is more important mines or yours, I will say mines, then you will walk away not knowing you're my life",
  "If being pretty was a word, you'd be a number (you're 10/10)",
  "If god choose between me and you who would be the sun and the moon you will be the sun and I will be the moon because I get lighted by ur beauty",
  "How could I love another for my heart beats louder than any note for you and my eyes are in love for they only can see you",
  "I prefer having my bones broken one by one than seeing your tears falling on the ground. As my body may be repaired but your heart never again",
  "If god were to gift me eternal life, I would simply turn it down for a life without you is no different than death itself",
  "Your eyes are like clouds for even when they fill with sorrow and drown the land, they paint the sky with unimaginable beauty",
  "why, every time i look at you, the colours of my world become immaculately vibrant. and as you smile, you shine brighter than the moon on an empty night. you stand out amongst all the other vibrant and loud students, though you are quiet. every time i hear your voice, it's such a melody i feel myself smile simply hearing a breath come from you. you are certainly outstanding, and the thought that i have been graced with the blessing of purely existing and being near you i am beyond grateful for. i count the stars at night, every night, and until i count every single one i shall continue betrothing myself to you and only you. i will love you until we are no more, and even then, i'll still think of you, my dear. whenever i speak to the sun, it tells stories of its jealousy because of how bright you shine. and whilst the moon tells me about the sun, i tell him about you. for you are the reason i am merely able to wake up every morning and know i'm lucky enough to draw breathe beside you. i shall forever be in your debt for how gorgeous and amazing you are, love. your fragrance is nothing but an air mist to the foul smell of others, i find myself breathing in deeper when you are around, never able to get enough of your taunting scent. for your laughter is music gifted to me from apollo himself, and your smile a gift of happiness from euphrosyne. my breath hitches the moment you look at me, i hold my breath until you look away. i hope and pray that one day you could find me as alluring and prepossessing as yourself and you will behold within me the gift of your love",
  "In your eyes, I behold a world of wonder and splendor, a universe of boundless beauty and untold treasures. Your smile is a radiant beam of sunlight that warms my soul and illuminates my being, casting a spell of enchantment that lingers long after you've gone. Your touch is a delicate caress that sets my heart ablaze with longing and desire, igniting a flame of passion that burns bright and true. Your laughter is a symphony of joy, a blissful melody that echoes through my heart and fills me with boundless happiness. Your scent is a heady aroma that tantalizes my senses, a bewitching fragrance that draws me close and enraptures me with its subtle charms. Your hair is a shimmering cascade of silken tresses that flows like a river of light, a mesmerizing veil that conceals your innermost thoughts and desires. Your kiss is a tempestuous storm, a raging torrent of fervor and ardor that sweeps me away in a whirlwind of ecstasy and bliss. And your love is a never-ending journey, a mystical quest that we embark upon together, our hearts intertwined and our souls united, forever and always",
  "Your presence would make the angels question their own perfection",
  "I'm here today looking into your beautiful  eyes and your enchanting body, under the roof of night. But alas, it will be your last, and one of many for me",
  "Your eyes shine like the morning dew, reflecting the beauty of the world around you. Your hair flows like a cascading waterfall, a natural wonder that mesmerizes all who behold it. Your smile lights up the room, bringing joy and happiness to all those who are lucky enough to be near you. You are a true embodiment of beauty, a reflection of the wonder and magic of nature. You are not just skin deep, but your beauty radiates from within. Your heart is filled with love and kindness, like a warm embrace on a cold winter's night. Your spirit is as vibrant as a rainbow, full of energy and life. Your soul is as pure as a newborn baby, untouched by the darkness of the world. You are a true inspiration, a beacon of light in a world that can be so dark.You are timeless beauty, like a work of art that will never fade. You are a masterpiece, crafted by the hands of the universe, and bestowed upon us as a gift. Your beauty is not just for the eyes to see, but for the heart to feel. Your presence is like a gentle breeze on a summer day, calming and soothing to the soul. You are a true treasure, a rare gem that shines brightly in a world full of chaos and confusion. You are a reminder that life is not just about appearances, but about what lies within. Your beauty is a reflection of your character, your kindness, and your love. You are a true inspiration, a symbol of hope in a world that can often feel so hopeless. You are a true gift to us all, a reminder that beauty can be found in the most unexpected places",
  "Through your eyes, I witness a captivating and splendid world, an endless universe filled with breathtaking beauty and undiscovered treasures. Your smile radiates like a warm ray of sunlight, embracing my spirit and illuminating my entire being. Its enchanting charm lingers even long after you've departed, leaving behind a magical spell. Your gentle touch caresses me delicately, igniting a profound longing and desire within my heart, creating a passionate flame that burns with unwavering intensity. Your laughter becomes a symphony of pure joy, a blissful melody that resonates in the depths of my soul, flooding me with limitless happiness. Your scent carries an intoxicating fragrance, captivating my senses and drawing me closer, ensnaring me with its subtle allure. Your hair cascades like a shimmering river of silk, a mesmerizing veil that conceals your innermost thoughts and desires. Each kiss from you is a tempestuous storm, a passionate torrent of fervor and ardor that whirls me away into a realm of ecstasy and bliss. And within your love, we embark on an eternal journey, a mystical quest where our hearts intertwine and our souls unite, bound together forever and always",
  "In the windows of your gaze, I glimpse a realm of marvel and magnificence, a cosmos of unbridled loveliness and uncharted riches. Your grin is a resplendent shaft of sunshine that kindles my spirit and brightens my essence, casting a spell of enchantment that lingers long after you've departed. Your caress is a tender touch that ignites my core with craving and yearning, sparking a conflagration of passion that burns bright and true. Your laughter is a symphony of elation, a euphoric melody that reverberates through my heart and floods me with limitless joy. Your scent is a seductive aroma that tantalizes my senses, a captivating fragrance that draws me near and bewitches me with its subtle allure. Your tresses are a cascade of gossamer waves that flow like a river of light, a spellbinding veil that conceals your deepest musings and longings. Your kiss is a tempestuous tempest, a tumultuous flood of fervor and ardor that whisks me away in a tempest of euphoria and rapture. And your love is an eternal journey, a mystical odyssey that we embark on united, our hearts interwoven and our spirits entwined, forever and evermore",
  "As I look through your eyes, I am greeted by a world of wonder and magnificence—an infinite universe brimming with awe-inspiring beauty and hidden treasures. Your smile shines like a gentle sunbeam, enveloping my spirit and illuminating my entire being. Its captivating enchantment lingers even in your absence, casting a spell that leaves me mesmerized. When your tender touch grazes my skin, it awakens a profound longing and desire within me, igniting a passionate flame that burns relentlessly. Your laughter resonates like a symphony of pure joy, a blissful melody that fills the depths of my soul and saturates me with boundless happiness. The scent you exude carries an intoxicating fragrance, captivating my senses and drawing me closer, captivating me with its subtle allure. Your hair cascades like a radiant river of silk, an entrancing veil that conceals your deepest thoughts and desires. Every kiss we share becomes a tempestuous storm, a fervent and intense torrent that whisks me away to a realm of ecstasy and bliss. Within your love, we embark on an everlasting journey, a mystical quest where our hearts intertwine and our souls unite, forever bound in a timeless embrace",
  "In your eyes, I see a universe of endless possibilities. I see a woman who illuminates my very being and fills me with an indescribable feeling. Each time I see your golden smile, you only grow more and more beautiful. Such beauty doesn't ever start or end, but only ever grows with the passage of time. Your strength of character, your  passion, and your soul. These are the reasons I serve you. You caught my eyes with your beauty, but ensnared my heart with your love. Your kiss feels like a thousand fires on my lips, and your touch fills me with irresistible desire for you. Nothing but you",
  "I am blind. Not blind by the darkness or by hatred but by your love. The light that you shine is my beacon saving me from the rocks. No waves can separate us, no walls can block our love. We are united under the umbrella, this illusion that we have so carefully crafted in our dreams- Or was it just mine? Oh how your eyes gleam in the night, they fill the sky with a thousand- No, a billion stars. They are bright and can be seen from miles afar from our earth- Our home. My heart",
  "You may find this absurd or even weird but I think of you when I need to sleep. I don't need sleep as I need you. I want you. I love you. So please find the path that I have made for you and follow it. To the place of where I reside. Where our dreams and aspirations will grow and prosper. You are mine and I am yours",
  "I thought the love thoughts would be a phase or a stage, but it's forever a journey, one that I get to share with you. I love you, have I said those words before? Because I do and you should know that fact. If you need me, if you desire me like I desire you, then we will join pathways. Entangled in deep love and passion. Compassion is what I show to you, respect is what I will expect of us both, and affection is what I want from you. So please use my words as guide, a guide to our bond, our home together, forever.. I love you all that I have, and all that I can give",
  "if life was a deck of cards i will call you the queen of my heart",
  "I look up into the cosmos at night and see an endless array of beautiful stars and galaxies. i look out over the forested valley and see an incredible collaboration of color. i have seen so many beautiful things in my life and yet none so beautiful, none so colorful, none so encapturing and awe inspiring as the sight I saw the moment I set my eyes on you, gods finest creation. when the Greeks created aphrodite they must have been thinking of you. i would give the world over to spend a fraction of a second to merely look at you, for that fractioned second would stay expanding in my heart with each pump, your image pulled closer at each contraction. Not a moment goes by where my heart does not long for your touch. my skin creeps with excitement at every thought, and my mind degenerates with every waking moment; i shall not focus unless it be on you, i shall not think of anything else lest i lose even a minute fraction of your delicacy. God must be real, your existence proves so to be true, no other being could have made someone of such elegance and grace, no other being could have created a creature of such exact beauty and charm. I pray every night so as to not allow such a thing to leave this life, as to have such a catastrophy would leave the world gray, desolate, incomplete and barren. A world not worth living in",
  "For even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll stil bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bringFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeFor even if the sun drowns, and the moon falls from the sky, you'll still bring light into my dark lifeklfeForevn if the sun drowns, and the oon falls fro t",
  "I await to see thy beauty for thou art my soul. I die every moment i cannot witness your magnificence and grace. Though i spend agony away from thee, i shall always be with you. When i am with you, close enough to touch, i shall rain down every bit of love i have. I shall shower you in what you deserve. For your beauty shall forever stay within my mind as i live. Distance may keep me from you, but my endeavors shall never go unnoticed as i claw and crawl my way to you",
}
